Update admin-configforms.png (#3960)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/contentunderstanding/set-up-content-understanding.md

Consider the following before you start:

> - In Which SharePoint sites will you enable form processing? All of them, some, or select sites?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In which SharePoint sites will you enable form processing? All of them, some, or select sites?
```

- What will you name your default content center?

You can change your settings after initial setup in the Microsoft 365 admin center.

Prior to setup, make sure to plan for the best way to set up and configure content understanding in your environment. For example, you need to make the following decisions:

> - The SharePoint sites that you want to enable form processing - all of them, some, or selected sites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SharePoint sites in which you want to enable form processing - all of them, some, or selected sites.
```
